good morning to everyone another Sunday more in
black and decker meets
Nomás us good morning Except that
come to introduce us today good morning
who wins good morning everyone
we are going to present here s black and
decker the electro closes gk mil 740
good to stand out from the tool
we can start talking about the engine that
it is an 1850 watt motor a very
powerful to perform the activity not of
the electro saw and about the sword
of the lubrication system that you can
tell us no more good that is a sword
which is 40 centimeters long
that allows a wide variety of
cuts and how well you named the system
lubrication is very important in these
tools because it allows the
chain is lubricated and can perform the
work in a correct way and we have
here a lubrication regulator for
that we are going let's go see how
is evolving the tool in the
work depending on the cut we go
accelerating or not the system of
lubrication
and I suppose that this tool
be an electro saw will have some
security system if you have a system
of security that once we
we start to start the
operation of the machine that we have
up this lever e
immediately that we cut if
with the use of the tool
the lever is operated downwards and cuts
operating directly more than
nothing to protect the user from
any problem that may come to
happen to talk a little more about what
which is the sword and the chain we can
say it was a speed of 7 meters
per second and that when changing
what we highlight with black and decker
We are looking for it to be manual either one of
adjusting this knob could go
varying from the strength with which it is
exposed the sword and we can get it out of
a manual way and much more comfortable
for the user when using it in
your home or to cut some kind of
branch and so on
Clearly good and what do you think if
now let's see how the
part perfect tool once
we have placed the sword the
tool we have to remember that
we have the manual adjustment to paste it
ok to bavaria copala in the tool
and we also have on this side a
screw that serves us to adjust and
tighten the chain remember that the chain
It must be designed no more than 5
millimeters from the sword is worth
emphasize that always inside the tank
I think it's the oil we have to have
Well lubricated tool for
that can meet
with the correct function and it does not break
to make the cut once put
the security elements we have to
use teeth and teeth to
to be able to work the tool and then
this make more precise cut because
the tool will be adjusted to
trunk dance to the element that we are
cutting in this way
good as we just saw the
tool has behaved
correctly in your job and one of the
things that numa has caught my attention
is that since you can work from
different postures and I would like to know
why is it so light?
lightness handling the
tool as well you said the
tool is easy to manipulate because
has a secondary career and has a
ergonomic way that allows us to
we manipulate the tool
depending on the cut that we're going to
effect is very good to highlight that the
tool because it is a tool
comfortable when it comes to work too
how to emphasize that we have seen that the
time to cut if the chain is working
it automatically stops and the machine
stop and stop cutting another element of
security itself has this tool
and about the switches that it has
that you can tell us good has a
system that is also based for
protect the user we activate the
switch up and you know that
is down turn the tool on once
that we let go of the top machine
cuts automatically in the
clear performance terrific terrific
and I do not know if any feature is missing
more or you can tell us what in
materials can be
with the electro saw and the electro wax
it performs very well in what it is
trunks and wood depending on
diameter that we have to take into account
the diameter of the sword to cut
different types of logs and so on but
what is wood its functioning is
very correct after everything that we
have you told about the tool
animal
Now tell us where we can get it
very well the tool we can
get in all the concentres in
hypermarkets in the hardware stores more
close to your home to highlight that
we have the most service network
important country and the tool
has one year of perfect warranty and another
thing else if someone has any doubt
wants to contact you where
can do it well can you contact
our website that is www.la
khandaker dotcom score and also
We are offering the public courses
so they learn to operate the machines
which is www of point courses of each point
com.ar
this has been all for today thank you very much
everyone thank you very much numa see you in
the next block of black and decker
but write to everyone